
# APPLICATION SERVERS

First, we need to start some application servers so that we have something to load balance! We'll be using [Caddy](https://caddyserver.com/), an awesome open-source load balancer/web server. [Nginx](https://www.nginx.com/) and [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/) are other popular alternatives that do similar things, but Caddy is a modern version written in Go, so I think it will be cool to play with.

## WHAT WILL OUR APPLICATION SERVERS DO?

Each application server will serve a _slightly different_ HTML webpage. The reason they're different is just so that we can see load balancing in action!

### 1. PULL DOWN THE `CADDY` IMAGE

```bash
docker pull caddy
```

### 2. CREATE AN INDEX1.HTML FILE IN YOUR WORKING DIRECTORY

```html
<html>

<body>
    <h1>Hello from server 1</h1>
</body>

</html>
```

### 3. CREATE AN INDEX2.HTML FILE IN YOUR WORKING DIRECTORY

```html
<html>

<body>
    <h1>Hello from server 2</h1>
</body>

</html>
```

### 4. RUN CADDY CONTAINERS TO SERVE THE HTML

Run a container for `index1.html` on port `8001`:

```bash
docker run -p 8001:80 -v $PWD/index1.html:/usr/share/caddy/index.html caddy
```

Run a container for `index2.html` on port `8002`:

```bash
docker run -p 8002:80 -v $PWD/index2.html:/usr/share/caddy/index.html caddy
```

_You can run them in separate terminal sessions, or you can run them in detached mode with `-d`, whichever you prefer._

Navigate to `localhost:8001` in a browser. You should see "Hello from server 1". Next, navigate to `localhost:8002` and hopefully, you'll see "Hello from server 2"!

## Issues

If you have spaces in your directory name, you may encounter an error when running the `docker run` command. For example, if your directory is named `2. test load balancer`, you may see an error like this:

```bash
docker: Error response from daemon: invalid mode: /usr/share/caddy/index.html.
```

The error message you're seeing is due to Docker interpreting `test` as the name of the Docker image you want to run, which is not correct. This is happening because of the space in your current directory name `2. test load balancer`.

When you use `$PWD/index1.html:/usr/share/caddy/index.html` in your command, the shell is expanding `$PWD` to your current directory, which is `/workspace/boot.dev/Docker/2. test load balancer`. Because there's a space in the directory name, Docker is interpreting the command incorrectly.

To fix this, you should quote the entire volume mapping argument to ensure it's treated as a single argument:

```bash
docker run -p 8001:80 -v "$PWD/index1.html:/usr/share/caddy/index.html" caddy
```

This will ensure that the entire `-v` argument is treated as a single argument, even if it contains spaces.