# CONFIGURING THE LOAD BALANCER

We've confirmed that we have 2 application servers (Caddy) working properly on a custom bridge network. Let's create a load balancer that balances network requests between the two! We'll use a round-robin balancing strategy, so each request should route back and forth between the servers.

_If you haven't yet, you can stop any containers that aren't the 2 caddy servers we're working on currently._

## CADDYFILE FOR THE LOADBALANCER

Caddy works great as a file server, which is what our little HTML servers are. However, it also works great as a load balancer! However, we need to create a custom [Caddyfile](https://caddyserver.com/docs/caddyfile) to tell Caddy how we want it to balance traffic.

Create a new file in your local directory called `Caddyfile`:

```
localhost:80

reverse_proxy caddy1:80 caddy2:80 {
	lb_policy       round_robin
}
```

This tells Caddy to run on `localhost:80`, and to round robin any incoming traffic to `caddy1:80` and `caddy2:80`. Remember, this only works because we're going to run the loadbalancer within the same network, so `caddy1` and `caddy2` will automatically resolve to our application server's containers.

## RUN THE LOADBALANCER

Instead of providing an `index.html` to this Caddy server, we're going to give it our custom `Caddyfile`.

```bash
docker run --network caddytest -p 8080:80 -v $PWD/Caddyfile:/etc/caddy/Caddyfile caddy
```

Now you can hit the load balancer on `http://localhost:8080/`! You should either get a response from server 1 or server 2, and if you hard refresh the page, it will swap back and forth.

If it's not swapping properly, try using curl instead. Your browser might be caching the HTML.

Each time you run `curl`, you should get a response from a different server!

```bash
 (main) dev@$~/workspace/boot.dev/Docker/2. test load balancer$ curl localhost:8080
<html>

<body>
    <h1>Hello from server 1</h1>
</body>

</html>
 (main) dev@$~/workspace/boot.dev/Docker/2. test load balancer$ curl localhost:8080
<html>

<body>
    <h1>Hello from server 2</h1>
</body>

</html>
```